# Message Generator

## How to run this program

 1. Open up your editor of choice and run npm install
 2. Open up two terminals and run npm run server and run npm run client respectively
 3. Select a guest, a company, and a template message from the dropdown menus, and click the submit button to see the generated message
 4. Add a new template message and the message type(ex: goodbye, response, etc), and click the add button to add the new template message. Then you can select the new template from the dropdown menu
 

## An overview of design decisions

 1. Created the Message class so that the message generator code is reusable
 2. Separated the greeting part from the message to minimize the use of placeholders
 3. Allowed the user to select from the existing list of guests and companies by name and from the list of templates by message type for readability while capturing the whole objects and sending them to the server so that any properties that might be needed in the future can be accessed easily


## What language you picked and why

 I picked javascript for both the front-end and the back-end because, to be honest, that is the only programming language that I know. Currently I'm trying to learn Java for the backend language to better understand OOP.

## Your process for verifying the correctness of your program

1. I was not familiar with OOP so wrote the message class first and tested the code using hard-coded parameters to make sure the oop codes, which is the core part of message generation, runs correctly 
2. Used console.log and node to check if my code generates correct results at each step of the way

## What didn't you get to, or what else might you do with more time?

1. I'm not satisfied with the part where the placeholders in the template messages are replaced with actual data. I wish I was able to replace multiple placeholders at once. 
2. There is no specific rules regarding for which information the placeholders should be used. In addition, different template messages, which would be generated by the user somewhat arbitrarily, would have different placeholders. The use of placeholders is unpredictable to some degree and I wish I could find a way to replace all the possible placeholders.
3. I should beautify the page if I have more time.
4. After graduating from Prime Digital Academy at the end of April, I visited my family in Korea for about 1.5 months so I was away from coding for a while. I am trying to get back on track, and this test helped me to revisit what I learned such as axios, express, node, and react, and to improve my understanding of the fundamental concepts. I want to thank you for the opportunity, this has been fun!


